hello and welcome to all to inform in
French toolbox this time I'm going to
take a look at another tool which
increases possibilities of diagnosis in
certain areas now there's always a long
standing joke in engineering terms about
me able to see around corners in reality
now technic technology allows us to
actually do that we will take a look at
is this particular device which allows
vision to be obtained in difficult
access areas now there's a few of these
tools about on the market they vary in
price and varying performance of course
in quality this particular tool has a
number of interesting features and some
advantages in our opinion for one the
quality of the build the price and the
performance and additional to this it
has the ability of feeding video footage
into captive software so we can actually
capture record playback and produce
documented evidence of an investigation
using this tool so there's many
advantages with this tool over other
similar pull ups on the market the first
of all let's take a look at some of the
possibilities some basic tools we have a
light which allows improve vision in
dark areas obviously some of the areas
will be examining will be a dark we have
a very useful zoom feature let me just
set the distance of a may and if I now
use the zoom feature x 1 x 1 point 1 it
goes up to about a magnification of 2.5
and you can see that where you want to
zoom into a particular feature it can
allow that and back to x 1 it also has a
very useful a long cable one of the
problems often we find it proving
perhaps a condition of a catalytic
converter is a blockage and exhaust
system perhaps even down engine intake
manifold
old perhaps through a spark plug a
picture a heater plug a picture there's
number of options with this can we use
let's take a lots of cat but take a look
as a catalyst the lights engaged they
can see from this footing will try to
hold the actual camera head steady and
if I now use a zoom feature brings up
2.5 maximum zoom and now very carefully
move the camera head around inside the
catalyst you can see quite clearly the
conditions of substrate it's a condition
of course but you can imagine just how
useful that particular devices and I've
actually engaged the capture software
prior to this filming so we're actually
now recording in real time as you're
filming me recording this image and the
benefit there is if you're examining a
component on behalf of customer and your
report I'll record the condition then
that is currently being recorded and can
be archived of course or the database
you can see from the software we have no
stored files at the moment this is the
very first file we're actually recording
in real time we've been recording now
for four minutes and four seconds and
the actual footage can also be seen on
the screen as well as through the
handset so extremely useful tool very
very competitively priced and a tool now
we've used two or three times where
examination of a difficult to see
objects I've demanded and in fact it
saves a great deal of time because often
you're forced into further dismantling
work perhaps to gain observation of
something whereas a device like this may
just save that valuable time and indeed
may be able to examine something non
intrusive lay before you actually start
the repair process or dismantling
process so once again the old joke about
seeing round corners really now can be
when I recommend it yes it's got a very
very effective long life battery and
really an incredibly useful tool not
something you use every day granted but
and we've used it several times now
examining intake systems we had an issue
with a diesel where we'd done some work
on the injector seats we'd actually cut
the seats back we'd scavenged and we
thought cleared out the cylinder prior
to hitting new injector we wanted to be
absolutely sure and we use this device
to examine the piston crown to make sure
everything was okay in the cylinder and
indeed it was so had the confidence and
to fit the injector without the worry of
contamination or potential damage to the
new injector or indeed to the piston
crown so very very useful tool thank you
for joining
you